Headline: Learn and Earn. Real Estate Licensing made easy.

Description: Now you can become a real estate agent and get on the job training by working directly with us. We will provide you with all the tools, training, and support needed to succeed at your own pace and on your time. We're here to help you reach your goals.

Find your home with First Galaxy

Explore southern California real estate listings with the help of our mobile-friendly website, plus agent profiles and insights on schools, neighborhoods, and features.

You'll find listings for homes, condominiums, and luxurious rentals in the southern California area.

Features section:

Agent Profiles

Browse through our extensive list of agents to find someone right for you. From family homes to luxury properties, we have the perfect match for any buyer!

Schools

Find out which school district is perfect for your kids with our easy-to-use school map. We also provide information on important school stats!

Houses & Values

Curious about prices of homes in the area? Check out the detailed information about each property including location, size, number of bedrooms and baths. Plus you can view photos and open house info!

Neighborhoods

Interested in learning more about neighborhoods near you? Check out our maps for details on community info, demographics, education levels, and more.

—

It's easy to find your next house!

First Galaxy is the largest online real estate listing in southern California, providing you with the most comprehensive, up-to-date information for your next home.

Features section:

Navigate with ease

First Galaxy provides you with all the essential information you need about homes for sale in southern California. Our site features an easy-to-use search engine that allows you to narrow down your property search based on your needs.

First Galaxy provides you with all the essential information you need about homes for sale in southern California. Our site features an easy-to-use search engine that allows you to narrow down your property search based on your needs.

Find what's important to you

With over 500,000 listings in southern California, First Galaxy has something for everyone. We make it easy for you to find houses near your school or work or even within your budget! You can also browse photos of houses and get open house info so you don't miss out!

Stay connected with an agent that knows their stuff

First Galaxy offers a comprehensive list of licensed agents who have the experience and knowledge to assist in buying or selling a home, all with whom are committed to providing the highest levels of professionalism and customer service.

—

Welcome to First Galaxy

Searching for real estate has never been easier with First Galaxy. We are the largest real estate company in the area, with over 100 years of experience.

Features section:

A glossary for your convenience

We know how hard it can be to learn about new concepts, especially when it comes to real estate. We created this glossary to help answer some of your most common questions. What is the difference between a condo and a co-op?

Find your new house near your school

We take pride in knowing that we've helped so many people find their perfect home. That's why our team has searched high and low to create this easy-to-use Real Estate School Finder that lets you search within a certain school district and find houses in that area.

Get in touch with the right agent for you

If you're looking for an agent who understands your needs, we've got your back! Whether you want someone who is experienced in negotiating or someone who can help you find a great deal on a new house, we've got the perfect agent for you!